Merge existing docs (#8)
srobo/runbook: docs/competition/teams/role-descriptions/crimper.md

---
original:
  authors: Jeremy Morse, Rob Gilton and Sean Bedford
  url: https://github.com/srobo/comp-team-coord-docs/RoleDescriptions/crimper
  extra: |
    The original work is based on work done by Jeremy Morse, which was under the
    Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License.  To view a copy of this license,
    visit <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/</a>.
---
# Crimper Volunteer

> **Note: For the 2017 competition, the armbands provided have plastic fixings. This means that the crimper role will be performed directly by reception staff and there will be no secondary role**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: If the armbands provided have plastic fixings, it means that the crimper role will be performed directly by reception staff and there will be no secondary role**
```
